program	: MiniGLView with TinyGL under MiniGUI
author	: Wei (David) Wu
E-mail	: KyosukeNo1@gmail.com


MiniGLView includes three separated parts of work:
	1. External control of MiniGUI (http://www.minigui.org), 
	   named GLView. MiniGLView embedded a third party software 
	   renderer, TinyGL(http://bellard.org/TinyGL), which is a
	   subset of OpenGL(http://www.opengl.org). MiniGLView provides
	   some basic but fast and lightweight rendering 
	   algorithms (powered by TinyGL) as well as keyboard and mouse
	   interactive controlls (powered by MiniGUI).
	2. Modified copy of TinyGL. New functions included:
		a. Offseted block copying for direct-screen-access
		   (from TinyGL internal buffer to screen framebuffer);
		b. Pixel line copying which supports non-4-bytes alignment
	3. Three rendering examples from official TinyGL examples with
	   minimum changes.

Copyright for MiniGLView:
	MiniGLView is protected by GPL license. It is free for those
	who are 100% GPL and those who never copy, modify and distribute
	MiniGLView. 

Copyright for MiniGUI:
	Feynman Software (http://www.minigui.com) releases some MiniGUI
	versions under GPL license. This is the licensing policy for the
	GPL'd MiniGUI versions.

Copyright for TinyGL:
	(C) 1997-1998 Fabrice Bellard (http://bellard.org/TinyGL)

Copyright for examples:
	main.c: Created by Wei Wu. It's a modified version of some
			MiniGUI official examples with limited functionalities.
	gears.c, mech.c, spin.c: Official examples from TinyGL with
			minimum changes.


Files within MiniGLView examples:
	1. main.c
		Modified copy of some MiniGUI official examples. It creates
		GLView and all its related callbacks:
			a. Window resize callback
			b. Window repaint callback
			c. Window key input callback
			d. Window mouse input callback
	2. samples.h
		Common header file for all examples
	3. gears.c/mech.c/spin.c
		TinyGL official examples with minimum changes for MiniGLView
	4. Makefile
		Make file for all examples:
			a. proj_mech for mech.c
			b. proj_gears for gears.c
			c. proj_spin for spin.c
	5. Readme
		This file
